SEO Template for new content
Target keywords: confidence book for kids
Page title
• Optimal title length: 55 characters
• Add at least one of your target keywords to your <title>  tag, don't use each target keyword more than 1 time: confidence book for kids
Meta description
• Optimal meta length: 160 characters
H1
• Add all your target keywords at least one time: confidence book for kids
Text
• Try to acquire backlinks from the following domains: 4cforchildren.org, darioconnect.com, lifehacker.com, substack.com, perrotlibrary.org, slate.com, www.aol.com, greatschools.org
• Enrich your text with the following semantically related words: 
• Focus on creating more informative content. Recommended text length: 566.0
• Make sure that your text is easy to read with the Flesch-Kincaid readability test. The readability score should be: 72.48005464729265
• Add at least one of your target keywords: confidence book for kids
When your content has been published, launch a SEO Ideas campaign to check if your content complies with all on-page SEO factors and discover what else can be done to give your content a SEO boost.
Analyzed top-10-ranking rivals for your target keywords
confidence book for kids
1. https://www.amazon.com/Kid-Confidence-Friends-Resilience-Self-Esteem/dp/1684030498
2. https://akidsco.com/products/a-kids-book-about-confidence?srsltid=AfmBOoqapGAagGguK1sc5a_Tb9kiqqaM7S6iJ5mWZJaydQHhmPdLX6Sy
3. https://www.counselorchelsey.com/blog/selfesteembooks
4. https://greenwichlibrary.bibliocommons.com/list/share/274909817_perrotyouthservices/284350287_picture_books_about_self-esteem_and_self-confidence
5. https://www.harpercollins.com/pages/self-confidence-books-for-children
6. https://www.thehighlysensitivechild.com/10-books-that-build-self-esteem-in-kids/
7. https://eileenkennedymoore.com/child-development-books/kid-confidence/
See how competitors write about targeted keywords:
confidence book for kids
1. https://www.amazon.com/Kid-Confidence-Friends-Resilience-Self-Esteem/dp/1684030498
We have no data for this page, because it isn't accessible for our crawler.

2. https://akidsco.com/products/a-kids-book-about-confidence?srsltid=AfmBOoqapGAagGguK1sc5a_Tb9kiqqaM7S6iJ5mWZJaydQHhmPdLX6Sy
A Kids Book About Confidence 
 5 reviews 
 Help your kids understand confidence and how to find it. 
 What's Inside 
 How confident do you feel today? Maybe a lot, maybe a little, or maybe you don't know what that word means! However you feel, this book is for you! One look inside will help kids (and their grownups) understand what confidence is, where it comes from, and how to build their confidence little by little to achieve their dreams. 
 About The Author 
 Joy Cho (she/her) is an Asian American designer and creative director. She is also a second-degree black belt, an avid tennis player, and loves to dress in lots of bright colors. She lives in Los Angeles with her husband and 2 daughters. 
 Book Details 
 Hardback Size: 8.00" x 10.50" x 0.50" 
 ISBN: 9780241656259 
 Designed in Portland, Oregon 
 Meet our Membership. 
 Grow your collection with our membership. Choose to get 1, 2, or 3 books delivered to your door every month.  Start today with this book! 
 Get Started → 
 Meet our Membership. 
 Grow your collection with our membership. Choose to get 1, 2, or 3 books delivered to your door every month.  Start today with this book! 
 Get Started → 
 Enjoy our podcasts. 
 Our podcasts are made for kids and grownups to discover, explore, and understand their world, with shows of all types for everyone! 
 Start Listening → 
 Enjoy our podcasts. 
 Our podcasts are made for kids and grownups to discover, explore, and understand their world, with shows of all types for everyone! 
 Start Listening → 
 Explore the collection. 
 Sorry, but no dragons or princesses here. Kids have real experiences, ideas, and questions. These books talk up to them, treat them like they’re smart, and create space for conversation. 
 Shop Collection → 
 Explore the collection. 
 Sorry, but no dragons or princesses here. Kids have real experiences, ideas, and questions. These books talk up to them, treat them like they’re smart, and create space for conversation. 
 A Kids Book About Confidence 
 M 
 Mary L. 
 A kids book about confidence 
 I read this book to my boys, 5 and 7 years old, before they go to bed. They both doodle or write while I read and a conversation about how they feel or something that happened in the day is always sparked by the book. We read these books almost every night right now. They are helpful for talking about things that happened at school during the day. 
 A 
 A kids book about confidence 
 my students loved it. They understood the concept and the message very clearly. 
 J 
 Jamie 
 A must for every kid (and adult) 
 just wanted to thank Joy for this book.  It resonated with my 10 year old so much!  We truly felt it was my daughter’s story to a tee! From moving, new school, “looking diff,” shy, craft loving to martial arts giving her confidence! She started Taekwondo last November and has never felt so empowered and confident.  She said taekwondo is her happy place and is determined to get her black belt.  Thank you so much for telling your story and writing it so well to include tips on how to build confidence.  Of course our 2nd child is the complete opposite, but equally loves your book. 🙏 
 C
3. https://www.counselorchelsey.com/blog/selfesteembooks
15 Self Esteem Books To Inspire Confidence In Students 
 Written By Chelsey Wilson 
 When I was in the 3rd grade, I failed my vision exam on purpose. I desperately wanted to get glasses because a lot of my friends had them. Looking back, it seems so silly that I did that, and I feel bad for making my parents pay for the glasses (sorry mom!). But, behind that intentionally failed vision exam was a desire to be included. I wanted so badly to be like everyone else, even if it meant wearing glasses that I didn’t need. 
 I may have been one of the only kids I know to purposefully fail a vision exam, but I’m definitely not the only kid who hates being different. In fact, I’d say that nearly every child struggles, at one time or another, to embrace the things that make them unique. 
 Low self esteem is a common problem for kids, but my hope is that these 15 self esteem books will help your students feel confident and proud of who they are. They are great for individual, small group and classroom counseling lessons focused on building student self esteem and confidence. 
 This post contains affiliate links. Please review my full disclosure policy for additional information. 
 Be Who You Are by Todd Parr 
 Recommended Grades: Pre-K to 2 
 This book encourages readers to embrace who they are. Readers will love the colorful illustrations as they learn to celebrate what makes them unique! 
 Remarkably You by Pat Zietlow Miller 
 Recommended Grades: Pre-K to 2 
 In this book, readers are reminded that they have the power to change the world, no matter who they are! Even though they may be different than other people, they can still make a big difference in the community around them. 
 There’s Only One You by Kathryn Heling, et. al. 
 Recommended Grades: Pre-K to 2 
 In this story, young students will learn that no matter what they are like, they are unique. Kids will learn to celebrate the special things about their physical appearance, personality, interests and more. 
 I Like Myself By Karen Beaumont 
 Recommended Grades: Pre-K to 2 
 This book encourages readers to like themselves no matter what! It celebrates the good, the bad, and the messy. Kids will love the humor and the colorful illustrations as they are encouraged to have positive self esteem. 
 All The Ways To Be Smart By Davina Bell 
 Recommended Grades: K to 2 
 In this fun book, kids will learn that being smart is more than just being good at school. As kids hear about different ways to be smart, they will be encouraged to think about, and embrace, the things that make them smart! This is a great book to support students who have low self esteem because they struggle with academics. 
 Stand Tall, Molly Lou Melon by Patty Lovell 
 Recommended Grades: K to 2 
 Molly Lou Melon’s grandmother teaches her to embrace her many quirks. When Molly Lou starts school, her peers don’t see her quirks as endearing as her grandmother does, but Molly Lou shows them that being quirky has its perks! 
 Perfectly Norman by Tom Percival 
 Recommended Grades: K to 3 
 Norman was a perfectly normal boy, until one day he sprouted a pair of wings. At first, he loved his wings, but then he began to wonder what his family might think about them. To hide his wings, he decided to wear a big coat, even though the coat prevented him from being able to do some of his favorite things. Finally, he realized that the coat was making him unhappy and decided to take it off. When he did, he was so glad to be free of his coat and ended up inspiring others to pursue the same freedom. This is a great story to remind students to embrace the things that make them unique! 
 Thelma The Unicorn by Aaron Blabey 
 Recommended Grades: K to 3 
 Thelma was a pony, but what she really wanted to be was a unicorn. Finally, she gets her wish, but learns that the grass isn’t always greener on the other side. This is a great way to remind students to be content with themselves just as they are. 
 Rock What Ya Got! By Samantha Berger 
 Recommended Grades: 1 to 4 
 An artist draws a girl named Viva. The artist tries to change the way that Viva is drawn, but Viva isn’t going down without a fight. She loves herself exactly how she is and instead of trying to change, she wants to rock what she’s got! This is a fun story about embracing yourself as you are. 
 A Bad Case Of The Stripes By David Shannon 
 Recommended Grades: 1 to 4 
 Camilla Cream was afraid to be herself. She wanted everyone to like her. One day, her skin became striped in different colors and could even change to be what others wanted it to be. Things got worse and worse until an old woman found a cure for Camilla. Turns out, the very thing she was nervous that people would make fun of her for, was the only thing that brought her skin back to normal. This is a great book about the importance of being yourself no matter what. 
 The Name Jar By Yangsook Choi 
 Recommended Grades: 1 to 4 
 Unhei and her family just moved from Korea. When Unhei goes to school, the American kids don’t understand her name. This makes her feel uncomfortable, so she decides to choose a new name. Her classmates decided to help her by filling a jar with name suggestions. In the end, she realized that her own name is the best name for her. This is a great story to encourage positive self esteem in students who feel different because of their cultural or racial background. 
 Sulwe By Lupita Nyong’o 
 Recommended Grades: 2 to 4 
 Sulwe is discouraged by her dark skin. She wants to look like the other people in her family and at her school. After a visit from a shooting star, Sulwe learns that she is beautiful and important just as she is. Use this story to support students who have low self esteem because they look different. 
 Zero By Kathryn Otoshi 
 Recommended Grades: 2 to 5 
 Zero wanted to be like the other numbers. He didn’t want to have a big empty hole in his center, and he wanted to count. After trying to make himself like the other numbers and prove his worth to them, he realized that he does have value after all. This is a great book to help kids understand that they matter, even if they are different than the people around them. 
 A Little Spot Of Confidence By Diane Adler 
 Recommended Grades: 2 to 6 
 This book introduces your “confidence spot” which helps you to feel good about yourself and to be proud of who you are. Readers will learn ways that their confidence spots can grow, like having a growth mindset, using positive affirmations, trying something new etc. This book is a great way to give kids practical ways to build their self esteem.
4. https://greenwichlibrary.bibliocommons.com/list/share/274909817_perrotyouthservices/284350287_picture_books_about_self-esteem_and_self-confidence
We have no data for this page, because it isn't accessible for our crawler.

5. https://www.harpercollins.com/pages/self-confidence-books-for-children
Charnaie Gordon, the creator of Here Wee Read, and Roda Ahmed, the New York Times bestselling publisher and author of Mae Among the Stars, debut their first-ever collaboration with the extraordinary adventures of the one and only Etta Extraordinaire! 
 Meet Etta! 
 Etta was born to be a shining star. When Etta discovers her school is hosting a talent show, she wants to share her many talents with the world. Even though she has never performed onstage before, all Etta needs to do is make a plan. (Etta always has a plan!) 
 And in 1, 2, 3, 4 steps, she’s ready for her big performance on the big stage in front of a BIG audience. 
 Or is she? 
 Find out how Etta beats her worries, with the help of her loving family, in this joyful story created by celebrated writers Roda Ahmed and Charnaie Gordon and illustrator Chloe Burgett. 
 Hardcover 
 Chubby Bunny 
 The debut picture book from the #1 New York Times bestselling author of Dumplin’. Told with Julie Murphy's trademark humor and heart, this is a clever, funny body-positive story about loving yourself. 
 Barbara “Bunny” Binks comes from a long line of Barbaras, that started with her mother and grandmother. She loves putting her hair up in “bunny buns,” playing with her rabbit Ralph, and eating marshmallows. 
 Then one day, she participates in her favorite marshmallow eating contest at field day called “Chubby Bunny,” and her classmates start teasing her. 
 But with a little help from another Barbara, Bunny figures out a very sweet solution.  
 Hardcover 
 Bestselling author Beth Ferry of Stick and Stone and The Scarecrow is back with an irresistible holiday picture book. 
 Tiny Cactus loves Christmas! 
 But she doesn’t love that her little girl seems to be spending more time with the giant sparkly tree in the living room than with her. Maybe if she were decorated like the Christmas tree, her little girl would notice her again. 
 And so Tiny Cactus makes a wish—to be special, to be noticed, to be a part of the magic of Christmas. With the support of her friend and some Christmas magic, Tiny Cactus learns that wishes can come true if you believe hard enough. 
 Perfect for holiday storytime and family reading 
 Filled with joy, wonder, and the spirit of the season 
 A delightful Christmas gift for readers everywhere 
 Hardcover 
 Oh, Olive! 
 "Irrepressible. Joyful. Vibrant and full of oomph!" —Andrea Beaty, #1 New York Times bestselling author of Rosie Revere, Engineer 
 "A stunning, energetic story full of clever humor, heart, and a reminder that art has no boundaries." —Ruth Chan, author-illustrator of Thank You, Neighbor 
 Debut author-illustrator Lian Cho delivers a hilariously cheeky picture book that celebrates the creativity of a young girl who breaks from the rigid traditions of her famous artist parents to make a colorful splash in her own unique style. 
 Presenting Olive Chen! The most magnificent and brilliant artist in the whole wide world! Her parents are also artists—serious artists—who paint prim, proper, perfect shapes. They know Olive has the talent to follow in their footsteps. But Olive likes to smear, splatter, splash, and even lick. With a brush in each hand, Olive cascades through town with her friends in tow, painting what she wants to, what she feels—until she reaches her parents’ pristine art museum. . . 
 A 2024 CBC Favorites Award winner 
 Hardcover 
 A poetic, heartwarming ode to the small, defining moments of a boy’s life, by a critically acclaimed debut author and a Caldecott Honoree. For fans of Last Stop on Market Street.  
 Early morning wakeups and homemade pancakes,  
 Raucous bus rides and schoolyard games,  
 Family games and bedtime rituals…  
 These are the small moments that shape a child’s day. I’m From is an invitation into the vivid world of one small boy, a poetic account of all the people and places and things that shape who he is and define where he is from.  
 A Kentucky Bluegrass Award Nominee 
 Hardcover 
 Wei Skates On 
 Olympic gold medalist and three-time World Champion Nathan Chen delivers an inspirational picture book about facing your fears and finding the joy in sports, no matter the outcome.  
 Wei has loved ice-skating ever since his first visit to the rink. He loves gliding across the ice, taking flight on jumps, and moving with the music—there’s nothing else like it! 
 But as Wei’s first big competition draws near, he begins to worry. He’s been training hard, but what if he doesn’t win? With help from Mom, can Wei find a way to handle his nerves? What would it feel like to skate without the pressure of winning?  
 As the first Asian American man to win gold in figure skating, Nathan Chen is a celebrated role model for kids who want to shine on and off the ice. His uplifting message of positivity and perseverance makes this story the perfect choice for social emotional learning at home or in the classroom. 
 Hardcover 
 From multi-award-winning singer, artist, actress, and icon Mary J. Blige comes a fun and inspirational story that teaches young readers they can be anything, and they are enough. 
 Most of the time, people say “no” or “you can’t” because they dream too small. 
 Young Mary has been told that there are many things she can’t do. Like stay up past bedtime, or be an astronaut or become president. But what she really wants is to sing, and she isn’t about to let anyone tell her she can’t do it! 
 A powerful motivating tale about a confident and ambitious girl who doesn’t feed into negativity, this debut children’s book from legendary artist Mary J. Blige proves that anyone can make their dreams come true by believing in themselves. It's a great conversation starter for overcoming discouragement from others. 
 Brought to life with imaginative illustrations by Ezra Jack Keats Award-winning illustrator Ashleigh Corrin, Mary Can! is perfect for go-getters who aren’t afraid to be a YES in a world full of NOs. 
 Hardcover 
 Unflappable 
 A witty and uplifting story about perseverance and hope, perfect for fans of The Magical Yet, starring three endearing flightless birds determined to get aloft.  
 Three flightless friends long to feel the wind beneath their wings. So, they try, and try, and try to fly. But all they do is fall, fall, fall. Flying, it turns out, is hard. 
 Will they give up—or get up? Celebrating resiliency, persistence, and the power of “yet,” easy-to-read text and distinctive artwork by award-winning and bestselling illustrator Scott Magoon encourage and inspire readers young and old who aspire to learn a new skill or to make a dream come true.  
 Hardcover
6. https://www.thehighlysensitivechild.com/10-books-that-build-self-esteem-in-kids/
We have no data for this page, because it isn't accessible for our crawler.

7. https://eileenkennedymoore.com/child-development-books/kid-confidence/
We have no data for this page, because it isn't accessible for our crawler.
